SQL question:- 
1 - What is normalization
 Normalization is database design technique to remove the redundant data.
 
 
What is denormalization ?
	denomalizatoin is a databasae design technique which focuses to improve the search performance.

Explain OLTP vs OLAP ?  
 OLTP(Online transaction processing)  - for crud operation, nomalization, 
	OLTP normatilizaiton avaoids redundancy and we follow the normalization design(1st, 2nd and third normal form)
 OLAP(Online analytical processing) - for search, get, fetch, select, analysis, denomalizatoin, 
	OLAP denomaliztion improve seach performanceand we follow the denomalizatoin design.
 
 Explain 1st,2nd and 3rd Normal form ?
	1st normal from :-  a table is in first normal form when the columns have atomic values. it should not have repeating group
		ID | Name
		1, | Shiv, hari, Koriala
		2 ,| rAJU, hari, Koriala
	2nd normal form: -  all the rules fo first normal forms should be followed. the table should have atomic and not repeating data.
		ID | Name					CountryID | CountryName
		1, | Shiv, hari, Koriala	1		    PK
		2 ,| rAJU, hari, Koriala	2			india
		
	3rd normal form:- all the 1st and 2nd normal form should be satisfied. No trasient depdency should be present.
		ID | Name					CountryID | CountryName | Product | PerCost
		1, | Shiv, hari, Koriala	1		    PK			shoes		10
		2 ,| rAJU, hari, Koriala	2			india		shirts		20
		
APT: - A(Atomic), P(partial dependency), T(Transient)

what is the index?
	index help you to increase search performacne 

how index work:- it does by creating nodes and leaf nodes, it creates a balance tree structure.

what is transaction?
 transaction help us to handle the series of events in single unit
 call one single unit, if one transaction fails all series of events will rollback
 
 what is inner join?
 inner join select matching recond from both tables
 
 left join?
  all data from left table selected and only matching records from right table
   
	right join?
  all data from left right selected and only matching records from left table
  
  full outer join?
  all matchinh and unmatching records from both left and right table are selected.
